[Music]
very good my dearest Lovers of the
heart Here we are another day to
surely accompany you at breakfast
Because look, I'm recording This video at
4:20 in the morning and most
likely you'll be watching
This video Well, more or less at 9,
10, 11 the visitors start to come in
while you're eating
the toast Well, it turns out I have to
wake up in a little while
in 4 hours to go draw
blood I'm really having the worst
December of my life and it's that I don't know what's
happening that every day I have to get
up early you're getting a little
fed up with me I mean, I know it's not your
fault but of course you make me
go to bed late So the only thing I'm
going to ask in return Is that you
subscribe, subscribe to the Channel And it's
that well, it's my nonsense
forgive me the people who don't understand that
I'm that stupid because they're probably
saying but what is this
kid talking about no this kid what's wrong with him well
nothing was a joke that It turns out that I
'm  getting ready for the trip for the end of the
year and you know how
paperwork passports and that kind of
thing work so well it's put me really
late because I have the
usual schedule of working at night
and in the morning it's costing me my life
and I'm super broke okay but anyway as I was
saying you reward me with
your subscriptions which are
completely free and of course
with the likes also this video that I
bring you on this occasion you are going to like
a lot it will do you
quite well for breakfast and it will brighten up your whole day because Gloria Camila has given Gema a super elegant and very good looking saca to Gloria Camila's Don saca in the face to the new driver Gema aldom for the very dirty comment she made about her in the deluxe
very dirty comments and also to
this day she still hasn't apologized for
it she hasn't apologized in the slightest and
on sálvame they have continued with her and have
even done other interviews
after that because I think we're already
talking Well a couple of months
or three eh since that happened Many  you won't
remember what she said here you have the
zasca of Gloria Camila today
I picked up this Yuca it looks great and you will
say well what does it have to do with her
eating Yuca with a saska I'm going to
refresh your memory with this tweet from
our dear Mimi who has a
tremendous newspaper library and always always
has everything at hand when we need it we will
not remember Rocío Flores and
Gloria Camila were referring to
Well yes let's see what the [ __ ] about
We have already talked about it on this channel sincerely
if I told him yes I told him no I mean they
were in the survivor final and
they told him several times I didn't know
at the moment that I reacted how
to take it okay if it was a common nickname and they
were saying it to him as a
joke there because of the looks they
wore no after having been
Surviving and emaciated and so on no but
well there were people who said that it was
like something usual no but of course who
says that for example Kiko Jiménez
can you trust Kiko Jiménez or not the
question is that what is striking
is that they were calling him the
she jabs in front of the cameras and all over her face, I mean, it wasn't like they were saying it to her behind her back, without a camera, laughing at her, so I have my doubts that it was with bad intentions, okay, I think it was something of a joke at the time in which Ana María herself
was part of it, okay, that sometimes in the
family they have
criticized her, well it could be, I mean, I think
that in this family on some occasions, at
times, there has been a kind of
distrust, a bad image of Ana
María the don who was not far off the mark,
look at how it is turning out in the end.
And surely they have
spoken badly of her more than once,
for sure, and Kiko will have been present.
Those were applauses, not from the public, who will
surely. Well, the director at that
moment would have had people applauding, not
as if saying, Ole Gema. No, what class and
what category, no, to later
demonstrate his true classic category.
[Applause]
Well,
clicking a little on what I'm
telling you, no, that it is many times in the
family, there are days, there are nights, there are
arguments and there are times when
many of us say things about our
loved ones, even if we don't  from behind in a
moment of anger whatever
Rocío Flores
look at you not cheering on this girl this
girl who is behaving as if she
were in a square practically
okay
anyway what am I going to tell you No if
you are seeing her yourselves and what
she needs is this Chorus around
come on come on you who know how to put a Nickname no
you who don't Nickname So when they are
cheering her on they are applauding her to
do these things because in the end the girl
brings out her side No what
motel would put flowers on her the Ninja girl no
the Ninja girl this making a Clear
reference to the episode she had with her
mother when she was 15 years old This does
amuse them Okay when they say that about Rocío
Flores and that they take it well Hahaha
But of course why I don't know why she
seems like one of the Ninja Turtles
Look everyone is applauding Don't look Pilar Vidal
How happy Not everyone making jokes and
laughing It's supposedly a
traumatic episode Don't look Carmen Borrego How
happy she is even lifting her
legs from laughter honestly I know you're
going to  say something but within the
carrasquismo I am that what was her name
Paloma García Pelayo okay she is the one that I think
behaves the best and tries to
do her job in the most
professional way or at least she appears to be And she
is more serious no because I am seeing
everyone here Look everyone laughing okay
but man to palomar Pelayo because I don't
know her Thank you because they were making
a joke and a nickname from a
super automatic episode
a lot of street what pride eh what
pride eh have a lot of street come see
show off very well
come now Gloria Camila come on show off
daughter Look they are treating her like you know
when a little child who begins to do
I that is break things to play
with the mud to make plasticine come on And
now what do you know how to do you know do you poop you know do you pee Well come on
Now tell me come on now what do you
know how to say Gloria
Camila and now when she shows off with
all her neighborhood no that she has that says
air that she has
like Come on
[Music]
well the worst yes she is inside The
nightmare
picks her up yucas
call her like notice that Gloria didn't say
anything about it now well  look
where they must have laughed no when
when they were having
dinner whatever
this thing was ordered to eat I don't know if it was a meal a
dinner I don't think it was yesterday's dinner
but anyway Gloria Camila doesn't have to be
ashamed of the country where she
comes from much less no And on top of that you're
going to sincerely allow me to
tell you that she's a beauty I mean to me she
seems like a very pretty girl And well,
making fun of her because of her appearance because of
wherever she comes from not the country where she comes from and
such It seems to me that she just took off her
mask and no it's not a nickname that leaves
Gloria Camila in a bad light okay she has left
the person who put it in a bad light but Okay
family I hope you liked the
video I will be reading the
comments box as always don't forget
please to give a like so that the video
explodes and we'll see you in the next
video a hug family bye bye
[Music]